all right now mcdonalds is hoping to
supersize its profits with the
introduction of three new angus burgers
patricia woo joins us now with more on
this tantalizing story yes listen up
Matt I know you are a burger lover it is
McDonald's first new line of burger
since 2001 the angus beef burgers are
third of a pound each and costs about
four dollars McDonald's hopes the more
expensive burger will have customers
upgrading from value meals and dollar
items but will it work I think that now
is a tough time to offer consumers a
four dollar product you are seeing
pressure even in the Quick Serve
restaurant space on consumers opting to
eat at home more often because of the
prolonged duration of the recession and
the elevated level of unemployment the
burger has been a success in New York
and other test markets and Forte says it
should be a hit for McDonald's in the
long run well this product could be a
success for mcdonalds by just getting
the consumer who's already in their
restaurant to upgrade this product could
be an even bigger win for McDonald's if
they can also drive an incremental
traffic looking for a premium product as
a trade down from casual dining this
national launch does face stiff
competition though Burger King the
second-largest burger seller in the u.s.
also plans to upgrade its broilers later
this year to sell premium burgers and
the new angus burger will also have to
compete with premium offerings from
regional chains like California's in and
out burger and fat burger well let's
take a look at McDonald's numbers right
now trading at 5838 that's up almost one
percent but off six percent for the year
after the company reported may sales
that trailed analyst estimates you know
we heard Tom say that customers in the
store might upgrade to the angus burgers
is it going to cannibalize then sales of
the old standbys like the Big Mac and
others good question i asked on that
exact question he said it's not a
concern because if the existing
customers are upgrading to a more
expensive product that's a win for
McDonald's he also says it's a good idea
because it rounds out McDonald's menu so
they have everything from the value end
to the premium end which lets them take
advantage of every opportunity in this
market I noticed they
have a new rap a beef wrap and obviously
they're getting into sort of genetic
coffees you know what I'm going to go
down there and pick up one for lunch as
soon as it shows over do want me to get
you one mushroom swiss please no problem
all right a couple of angus burgers
coming up here on bloom